Chapter 10    

##[Acknowledgments](part0010_split_002.md)

This book would not have been possible without the support and encouragement of the people around me. First and foremost of the many people to thank are my parents, who have supported my life choices, and from whom I’ve learned many things. Next are all my teachers. I thank my CEGEP teachers: Karnig Bedrossian from whom I learned calculus, Paul Kenton from whom I learned how to think about physics in a chill manner, and Benoit Larose who taught me that more dimensions does not mean things get more complicated. I thank Kohur Gowrisankaran, Frank Ferrie, Mourad El-Gamal, and Ioannis Psaromiligkos for their teaching during my engineering days, and Guy Moore and Zaven Altounian for teaching me advanced physics topics. Among all my teachers, I owe the most to Patrick Hayden whose teaching methods have always inspired me. From him, I learned that by defining things clearly, you can _trick_ students into learning advanced topics, and even make it seem like the results are obvious! Thanks go out to all my research collaborators and friends: David Avis, Arlo Breault, Juan Pablo Di Lelle, Omar Fawzi, Adriano Ferrari, Mohamad Nizar Kezzo, Igor Khavkine, Felix Kwok, Doina Precup, Andie Sigler, and Mark M. Wilde. Thank you all for teaching me a great many things.

Preparing this book took many years and the combined efforts of many people. I want to thank Afton Lewis, Oleg Zhoglo, Georger Araujo, and Tomasz Święcicki for helping me proofread, and all the readers who reported typos and suggested clarifications. Thank you all for your comments and feedback. Above all, I want to thank my editor Sandy Gordon, who helped me substantially improve the writing in the book. Her expertise with the English language and her advice on style and content have been absolutely invaluable.

Last but not least, I want to thank all my students for their endless questions, demand for explanations, and curiosity. If I’ve developed any ability to explain things, I owe it to them.
